is trying to accept her son hamza's gun
he's one of the children killed in an
Israeli strike on the rwan family home
in Rafa in southern
Gaza other women and children were also
killed in this attack in talaan
neighborhood 12-year-old L Zak
survived we were sleeping and all of a
sudden I heard my sister shouting and
crying the roof was coming down on our
heads I thought I was dreaming but when
I opened my eyes it was all black and
smoke I was buried under the debris 30
minutes later I was pulled
out a father credles the body of his
daughter in disbelief you
despite international calls to abandon
plans for ground in invasion of Rafa
Israel says it's going ahead with its
offensive the United Nations has warned
any operation there will risk the lives
of more than a million people who have
been Sheltering in the
city this is a State Crime there is no
country in the world that has committed
such crimes not even in Syria Iraq or
Ukraine nothing like what's happening
here this has never happened in history
Palestinian parents in Gaza have been
living with the dread of losing their
children for months but little can
prepare them for the final goodbye the
suffering here has not lit up since
Israel launched its devastating War back
in October and now here as its Army
prepares to invade Rafa many
Palestinians are worried about the
likelihood of even more unbearable
civilian deaths TK abazo Al jaaz Rafa
Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
Channel channel to get the latest news
from Al jaaz